<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [addOutlet][1]
    *   [Parameters][2]
*   [logTrace][3]
    *   [Parameters][4]
*   [logDebug][5]
    *   [Parameters][6]
*   [logInfo][7]
    *   [Parameters][8]
*   [logWarn][9]
    *   [Parameters][10]
*   [logError][11]
    *   [Parameters][12]
*   [logFatal][13]
    *   [Parameters][14]
*   [Outlet][15]
    *   [Parameters][16]
    *   [Properties][17]
    *   [from][18]
        *   [Parameters][19]
*   [OutletOutput][20]
*   [Level][21]
*   [Template][22]
*   [OutletConfig][23]
    *   [Properties][24]

## addOutlet

Adds outlet to `Logger.outlets`.

Uses `Outlet.from` [Outlet#from][25] internally to avoid adding multiple references to
the same `Outlet` instance.

### Parameters

*   `name` **[string][26]** The key by which to store the `Outlet` instance on `Logger.outlets`.
*   `output` **[OutletOutput][20]** See [OutletOutput][20].
*   `config` **[OutletConfig][23]** See [OutletConfig][23]. (optional, default `Outlet.config`)

Returns **[Map][27]<[string][26], [Outlet][15]>**&#x20;

## logTrace

Sends a TRACE message to `outlets`.

Should be used alongside ERROR or FATAL messages.

### Parameters

*   `message` **[string][26]?** The log message.
*   `reversed` **[boolean][28]** A boolean for reversing the order of the stack trace. (optional, default `false`)

## logDebug

Sends a DEBUG message to `outlets`.

### Parameters

*   `message` **[string][26]**&#x20;

## logInfo

Sends a DEBUG message to `outlets`.

### Parameters

*   `message` **[string][26]**&#x20;

## logWarn

Sends a WARN message to `outlets`.

### Parameters

*   `message` **[string][26]**&#x20;

## logError

Sends an ERROR message to `outlets`.

### Parameters

*   `message` **[string][26]** The log message.
*   `reversed` **[boolean][28]** A boolean for reversing the order of the stack trace. (optional, default `false`)

## logFatal

Sends a FATAL message to `outlets` and triggers `process.exit(1)`.

### Parameters

*   `message` **[string][26]** The log message.
*   `reversed` **[boolean][28]** A boolean for reversing the order of the stack trace. (optional, default `false`)

## Outlet

Defines an outlet.

### Parameters

*   `output` **[OutletOutput][20]**&#x20;
*   `config` **[OutletConfig][23]**&#x20;

### Properties

*   `startDate` **[Date][29]** The date the outlet was instantiated on.
*   `origin` **StackFrame** The `StackFrame` in which the outlet was instantiated.
    Necessary to establish whether `Logger` functions are called from a src different to that of
    `origin`, which is how the `isolated` property of `OutletConfig` can work.
*   `output` **[OutletOutput][20]** See [OutletOutput][20].
*   `config` **[OutletConfig][23]** See [OutletConfig][23].

### from

Returns a new `Outlet` instance or an existing one, depending on whether `this.outlets`
already contains an `output` property that is equal to the one provided in the arguments.

#### Parameters

*   `output` **[OutletOutput][20]**&#x20;
*   `config`   (optional, default `Outlet.config`)

Returns **[Outlet][15]**&#x20;

## OutletOutput

Defines the outlet output. Can be a filename (ex: "app.log") whose path will always resolve
relative to the working directory, or a `WriteStream` (ex: `process.stdout`).

Type: ([string][26] | WriteStream)

## Level

Defines the range of logging levels.

Type: [number][30]

## Template

Defines the built-in template keys available.

Type: [number][30]

## OutletConfig

Defines the outlet configuration.

### Properties

*   `isolated` **[boolean][28]** Controls whether to ignore messages logged from non-origin src.
*   `threshold` **[Level][21]** The level the message must exceed in order to transmit.
*   `null-null` **[Template][22]** The formatting template to use for the message.

[1]: #addoutlet

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #logtrace

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #logdebug

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #loginfo

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #logwarn

[10]: #parameters-4

[11]: #logerror

[12]: #parameters-5

[13]: #logfatal

[14]: #parameters-6

[15]: #outlet

[16]: #parameters-7

[17]: #properties

[18]: #from

[19]: #parameters-8

[20]: #outletoutput

[21]: #level

[22]: #template

[23]: #outletconfig

[24]: #properties-1

[25]: Outlet#from

[26]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[27]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
